Translation corrections (#421)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_005.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>大内</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Oouchi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_oouchi1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「高給ばかり取ってまともに働きもしない、どこぞの大学教授どもに爪の垢でも煎じて飲ませてやりたいくらいですよ」",
			NULL, "\"So much that I'd like to give those university professors who do nothing but sit back while collecting an exorbitant salary a taste of their medicine.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//岡部rvS14/00/VT4Bb_okabe1004.「そりゃどうも。kvS14/00/VT4Bb_okabe1005.そう言っていただけると、気合いを入れて資料づくりに励んだ連中が喜びますよ」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>岡部</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Okabe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_okabe1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そりゃどうも。",
			NULL, "\"Why thank you.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_okabe1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう言っていただけると、気合いを入れて資料づくりに励んだ連中が喜びますよ」",

> 			NULL, " Hearing that will make everyone who worked so hard to assemble these materials pleased.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Everyone who worked so hard to assemble these materials will be pleased to hear that.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rせいぜいいい気分で、持ち帰った土産を同僚たちに自慢すればいい…そんなことを内心で呟きながら、岡部はほくほく顔の大内の顔を眺め見た。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "せいぜいいい気分で、持ち帰った土産を同僚たちに自慢すればいい…そんなことを内心で呟きながら、岡部はほくほく顔の大内の顔を眺め見た。",

> 			NULL, "At best, he could boast to his colleagues about the reward he received... Okabe muttered that to in his head while staring at Oouchi.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "At best, he could boast to his colleagues about the reward he received... Okabe muttered that to himself while staring at Oouchi.", Line_Normal);
```
